Right, everyone.
So let's board this problem called plates.
So let's copy the input.
With Basted and it's.
In Italy, we have test cases.
Right.
Let's take the.
While T minus minus eight.
Also these are.
Okay, let's kick the tires in.
But also alternate kick start problem.
What happens is we have to bring this case numbers eight.
So instead of doing violating miners, miners, let's do one thing.
Yeah.
Let's say that is equal to one mile.
That is less than equal to.
He ain't and will just stay out.
Yes.
And.
The cash, the number.
Then finally will print out Z after it.
Yeah.
This and then will simply print so will called a function called solvent translation.
And do that plus.
Plus.
It inserted.
Let's just do that plus plus here.
So for example.
Let me quickly write a function called install and let's just return something written.
Five.
Nate so we can see gays on gay straight.
Now let's call this function called solve.
In this, what we are getting is the inputs are nothing but and can be and come and give them a p.
It's this input then very quickly.
Eight.
We have three inputs now.
Let's take this as an input.
So what I'll do is I'll just take them as one base indexing because we want answers for zero eight.
I'll simply start from one.
Less than equal to an A-plus plus.
Or in.
Equals 218 as an equal to key and j plus plus eight.
So what I simply say is let's just take them.
Yeah, let's take int and comma.
Okay, let's add plus one plus one and let's all take one more which is prefix of these values.
Right.
Let's method them and set a comma zero comma side of.
So a good way is actually, you know, to take take vectors because we don't have to read memes yet,
again and again for that.
Right.
So let me just do vector.
So what we have is one vector of vectoring.
And if so, this it will have and plus one.
And inside it there will be another vector of length.
O K plus one and zero, which I'm just taking some different ways of, you know, initializing variables.
So we have this E and Lisbon and Kate plus one.
And initially it's.
Zero eight.
Let's also take another vector called prefix.
So what is the effects of something so prefix of I go my day it should be equal to but effects of I
go here you can see this prefix are also nothing but a dynamic programming thing.
Right?
If I want to find prefix of something, it's very simple.
I command you minus one plus E.
So basically it will store the effects of the current.
Right after this.
We have stored this.
And after this, let's take another.
Vector, which is called DP eight.
So I'm just doing it in a bottom up manner and like, like the way we have this table.
Feel free to follow it in any way you want to.
So let's Sudan.
From one, I go still.
And.
C++ 80 on G from one.
They will go till the end, duplicitous because they has to fill all these slate.
What is the total value that we do?
X eight.
So x is the number of leads we are taking for the current group.
X will start from zero.
We can take zero played for the current group x is less than equal to key.
Right.
And plus.
Why am I saying it is less than equal to K?
Because for the current row I can only take at max E plates.
Right.
But this one more thing is I can take it next year.
But what if the number of plates that I'm picking, which is D, I'm trying to fill DPA, which means
what does DB do?
Means it means pick giblets.
From.
From first I thought it was a So what if X What if God is greater than the let's say the case is greater
than the rate?
It's quite possible it gets greater than that means.
I don't have to.
Go for x greater than eight because x will go from zero.
X will go like.
I agree.
But X will also be less than.
G.
Correct.
And did the total number of planes that I'm taking and this can be less than correct.
So I hope this is very simple.
So I'm not starting it from zero.
We can started from zero.
It doesn't actually matter because the initial will fill all the videos with zero eight.
So we can started from zero.
It's fine.
They can start from anywhere because the zero column is already for eight, so x will be less than equal
to minimum 12 gig on Magic Brick.
So if there is less, then that means.
Number operating room to pick up.
That means the maximum appropriate.
I can be risky, but if I think that means I don't have to pick up all cables.
So what I simply say is DP IED is nothing but max of DP idi coma.
Prefix IED picking up IED attacks.
Picking up speed from the current.
And what does a kingdom do?
Now go and pick.
D-minus explains from the previous source.
But all these values you want there, Max.
And but and finally, what I'll do is I'll just print the final answer.
The final answer is out the P.
And Goma.
Be correct.
So let's build it once.
Okay.
One warning generated.
Let's see.
Okay.
So sorry.
You're done dipping.
And coma.
Anything wrong that I'm doing here?
No.
So you can see the taste of this vanity.
And that is, I guess, the answer.
We have to go on a date.
Now, moving on to the complexity of the solution, the input is an indicator.
After this.
What are these?
Followups.
This is nothing but dn into b into whatever is minimum of danger.
And so in the worst case, it can be later.
And in the key is the complexity of the solution, and we can easily see that.
And it's 50.
Okay.
Let me take the complexity and into.
We do it and we know that B is less than equal to and and do so and into and into care.
Into care because we can go to and integrate in the worst case they do then squared k squared and rather
than engage and it's 50.
And we're just kick starting.
So this will be 00005 675 in the trees, 75 it is 7.5 and then it's about five, which is good in of
complexity, not bad.
So approximately, let's say just end this trip over six.
I hope this is clear and it is a very nice problem.
It is a must do problem.
Do neutral yourself, I would suggest.
Why don't you try this problem from the top down approach using regulation.
In addition, it goes in the next what everyone thinks.